c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VisorLibreria\VisorLibreria\bin\Debug\VisorLibreria.exe.config
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VisorLibreria\VisorLibreria\bin\Debug\VisorLibreria.exe
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VisorLibreria\VisorLibreria\bin\Debug\VisorLibreria.pdb
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VisorLibreria\VisorLibreria\bin\Debug\ScjnUtilities.dll
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VisorLibreria\VisorLibreria\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.dll
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VisorLibreria\VisorLibreria\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.GridView.dll
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VisorLibreria\VisorLibreria\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Input.dll
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VisorLibreria\VisorLibreria\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Data.dll
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VisorLibreria\VisorLibreria\bin\Debug\ScjnUtilities.pdb
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VisorLibreria\VisorLibreria\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.xml
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VisorLibreria\VisorLibreria\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.GridView.xml
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VisorLibreria\VisorLibreria\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Input.xml
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VisorLibreria\VisorLibreria\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Data.xml
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VisorLibreria\VisorLibreria\bin\Debug\de\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VisorLibreria\VisorLibreria\bin\Debug\es\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VisorLibreria\VisorLibreria\bin\Debug\fr\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VisorLibreria\VisorLibreria\bin\Debug\it\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VisorLibreria\VisorLibreria\bin\Debug\nl\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VisorLibreria\VisorLibreria\bin\Debug\tr\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VisorLibreria\VisorLibreria\obj\Debug\VisorLibreria.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VisorLibreria\VisorLibreria\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VisorLibreria\VisorLibreria\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VisorLibreria\VisorLibreria\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VisorLibreria\VisorLibreria\obj\Debug\VisorLibreria_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VisorLibreria\VisorLibreria\obj\Debug\VisorLibreria.g.resources
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VisorLibreria\VisorLibreria\obj\Debug\VisorLibreria.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VisorLibreria\VisorLibreria\obj\Debug\VisorLibreria.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VisorLibreria\VisorLibreria\obj\Debug\VisorLibreria.exe
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VisorLibreria\VisorLibreria\obj\Debug\VisorLibreria.pdb
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VisorLibreria\VisorLibreria\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VisorLibreria\VisorLibreria\obj\Debug\VisorLibreria_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VisorLibreria\VisorLibreria\bin\Debug\VisorLibreria.exe.manifest
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VisorLibreria\VisorLibreria\bin\Debug\VisorLibreria.application
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VisorLibreria\VisorLibreria\obj\Debug\VisorLibreria.exe.manifest
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VisorLibreria\VisorLibreria\obj\Debug\VisorLibreria.application
